TroubleShooting.md, before:

## Script Won't work:
Make sure that if you are trying to execute Lua code, the Lua engine is selected. Click the "Lua" button to select that engine.
If you are trying to execute ROS code, ensure RedOnionScript engine is selected. Click the "ROS" button to select that engine.

The Repl will use whatever engine is currently selected. The currently selected engine is shown by a label `Engine: EngineName` above the `ROS` and `Lua` buttons.

The editor will run the engine associated with a particular script name extension. If your script ends with ".lua" it will run the Lua engine, and if your script ends with ".ros" it will run the ros engine.

## How do I run a script?
Click the `Run` button when a script is in the editor, or enter some code into the repl input area.

## Example programs don't run
We bundle our example programs in Scripts.zip and they are only used if you do not also have a program of the same name in the Scripts folder. If you modify any of the example programs and save them, you will not overwrite a bundled file in Scripts.zip, but will create a new file of the same name in the Scripts folder.

So, if you modified any of the exaple files, you won't see the newer versions when you update to a new version of RedOnion. Just delete any scripts in the Scripts folder that are also found in Scripts.zip.

## For anything else
Make an issue [here on github](https://github.com/evandisoft/RedOnion/issues), or ask in [this thread](https://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/183050-redonion-033-unrestricted-in-game-scripting-has-repl-editor-and-intellisense-lua-and-a-custom-jsruby-like-language-implemented-tested-on-ksp-17/&tab=comments#comment-3566618)

Commit message:

Evan (#39)
* AbsoluteLinks didn't work right.

* wip: doc index (member-ordering)

* checkout out gh-pages

* Minor Readme Changes

* Switched to autoyieldcounter being 500.

* setexeclimit for setting the max autoyield counter

* Setting up Kerbnlua

* making only outputarea resize speeds things up. Doesn't fix the memory use

* Using a StringBuilder as a buffer to make output probably be much faster.

Only updates the string in the OutputArea content area when new output
is in the buffer.

Also fixed the bug where it wasn't limiting the size of the output buffer.

* Changed one link.

* Change to absolutelinks

* change for docs

* Changed AbsoluteLinks to GithubIOILinks because Github.io is faster.

* Fix for certain pages in Github.io

* absolute link for contributing

* correct abs link

* Note for curseforge: may take a while to be approved

* Issues link in troubleshooting

* changed thread link in troubleshooting to release thread.

* Disabling Kerbnlua.

* ros wip: try..catch..finally

* Tried to remove some ambiguity between global native and the native fields

* removed '\'

* tokens

* Github.io is not formatting stuff inside the show/hide properly.

* test

* Current

* Moved older versions to OldChangelog.md

* Clarifications.

* fixed outdated, incorrect snippets in MajorMalfunction tutorial

* Changelog entry about replacing 'import' with 'native'

* Kerbalui doc stuff

* Multiple fixes

Completion results for enums.
Fix for kerbaluascript running despite an error
Fix for commonapi property completion.

* Changed scripts message.

* Changed execlimit's back.

* Removed some scripts that didn't work, and fixed angles.ros (I think)

* Latest Docs

TroubleShooting.md, after:

Here are some things that might not work. You can also check our [issues](https://github.com/evandisoft/RedOnion/issues) page on github.

## Script Won't work:
Make sure that if you are trying to execute Lua code, the Lua engine is selected. Click the "Lua" button to select that engine.
If you are trying to execute ROS code, ensure RedOnionScript engine is selected. Click the "ROS" button to select that engine.

The Repl will use whatever engine is currently selected. The currently selected engine is shown by a label `Engine: EngineName` above the `ROS` and `Lua` buttons.

The editor will run the engine associated with a particular script name extension. If your script ends with ".lua" it will run the Lua engine, and if your script ends with ".ros" it will run the ros engine.

## How do I run a script?
Click the `Run` button when a script is in the editor, or enter some code into the repl input area.

## Example programs don't run
We bundle our example programs in Scripts.zip and they are only used if you do not also have a program of the same name in the Scripts folder. If you modify any of the example programs and save them, you will not overwrite a bundled file in Scripts.zip, but will create a new file of the same name in the Scripts folder.

So, if you modified any of the exaple files, you won't see the newer versions when you update to a new version of RedOnion. Just delete any scripts in the Scripts folder that are also found in Scripts.zip.

## For anything else
Make an issue [here on github](https://github.com/evandisoft/RedOnion/issues), or ask in [this thread](https://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/189983-18x-redonion-unrestricted-in-game-scripting-v-040/)
