Kerbalui/DevReadme.md, before:

﻿**Kerbalui** is a ui library designed for use with **LiveRepl**.

IT WAS NOT DESIGNED FOR OTHER PROJECTS. Many decisions were made for easy implementation in the moment. 

Part of the reason LiveRepl and Kerbalui are in different projects is because LiveRepl will probably someday be switched to use a different UI lib. 

Kerbalui was designed specifically to provide functionality for use with LiveRepl and I have not spent time to make it a general UI Lib. This philosophy applies somewhat: http://c2.com/xp/YouArentGonnaNeedIt.html

Part of the reason I have not tried to make it perfect is that [imgui](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/GUIScriptingGuide.html) is hard for me to work with.

## Types
All the following GUI classes are Elements.

- Controls represent a particular imgui control.

- Decorators represent an object which contains a control and acts as a proxy for it.

- Groups contain multiple controls and execute all of their Update's in an imgui `GUI.BeginGroup`

- Windows represent a top-level window in the ui system. They contain a title and a content area, which can be a Control, Decorator, or Group.

## Spacers
Spacers are defined in Kerbalui/Layout, and they are Groups that perform automatic layout for their child controls.
`VerticalSpacers` layout objects vertically and `HorizontalSpacers` lay them out horizontally.

With a spacer you add child elements with the following functions:
- AddFixed - This adds a child Control and reserves a fixed space for it
- AddMinSized - This adds a child Control and reserves a minimum space for it based on its content size.
- AddWeighted - This adds a child control and sets a weight for it.

Layout works by first reserving all the space needed for the fixed and minsized elements, and then dividing up the remaining space allocated to the spacer between the weighted elements based on their weights.

It is pretty easy to make a GUI out of nothing but vertical and horizontal spacers.

To fill a spot in a spacer with empty space, the Filler class can be used.

## Pitfalls
There are some pitfalls of imgui. Some have been fixed with the new version of Unity that KSP is now using.

One remaining one is that different sets of events are sent in Windows, as opposed to Linux (haven't tested on OSX).

So I have a special system for dealing with these events which I won't describe for now, but is the purpose of the `ConsumeAndMarkNextCharEvent` and `ConsumeMarkedCharEvent` calls in `Kerbalui.Util.GUILibUtil.cs`

Commit message:

Evan (#39)
* AbsoluteLinks didn't work right.

* wip: doc index (member-ordering)

* checkout out gh-pages

* Minor Readme Changes

* Switched to autoyieldcounter being 500.

* setexeclimit for setting the max autoyield counter

* Setting up Kerbnlua

* making only outputarea resize speeds things up. Doesn't fix the memory use

* Using a StringBuilder as a buffer to make output probably be much faster.

Only updates the string in the OutputArea content area when new output
is in the buffer.

Also fixed the bug where it wasn't limiting the size of the output buffer.

* Changed one link.

* Change to absolutelinks

* change for docs

* Changed AbsoluteLinks to GithubIOILinks because Github.io is faster.

* Fix for certain pages in Github.io

* absolute link for contributing

* correct abs link

* Note for curseforge: may take a while to be approved

* Issues link in troubleshooting

* changed thread link in troubleshooting to release thread.

* Disabling Kerbnlua.

* ros wip: try..catch..finally

* Tried to remove some ambiguity between global native and the native fields

* removed '\'

* tokens

* Github.io is not formatting stuff inside the show/hide properly.

* test

* Current

* Moved older versions to OldChangelog.md

* Clarifications.

* fixed outdated, incorrect snippets in MajorMalfunction tutorial

* Changelog entry about replacing 'import' with 'native'

* Kerbalui doc stuff

* Multiple fixes

Completion results for enums.
Fix for kerbaluascript running despite an error
Fix for commonapi property completion.

* Changed scripts message.

* Changed execlimit's back.

* Removed some scripts that didn't work, and fixed angles.ros (I think)

* Latest Docs

Kerbalui/DevReadme.md, after:

﻿**Kerbalui** is a ui library designed for use with **LiveRepl**.

IT WAS NOT DESIGNED FOR OTHER PROJECTS. Many decisions were made for easy implementation in the moment. 

Part of the reason LiveRepl and Kerbalui are in different projects is because LiveRepl will probably someday be switched to use a different UI lib. 

Kerbalui was designed specifically to provide functionality for use with LiveRepl and I have not spent time to make it a general UI Lib. This philosophy applies somewhat: http://c2.com/xp/YouArentGonnaNeedIt.html

Part of the reason I have not tried to make it perfect is that [imgui](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/GUIScriptingGuide.html) is hard for me to work with.


**All elements must be constructed within the execution of the MonoBehaviour OnGUI update**. The reason is that certain objects that need to be initialized, like style, make calls to `GUI.`, which must be called within the execution of OnGUI.


## Types
All the following GUI classes are Elements.

- Controls represent a particular imgui control.

- Decorators represent an object which contains a control and acts as a proxy for it.

- Groups contain multiple controls and execute all of their Update's in an imgui `GUI.BeginGroup`...`GUI.EndGroup`

- Windows represent a top-level window in the ui system. They contain a title and a content area, which can be a Control, Decorator, or Group.

## Spacers
Spacers are defined in Kerbalui/Layout, and they are Groups that perform automatic layout for their child controls.
`VerticalSpacers` layout objects vertically and `HorizontalSpacers` lay them out horizontally.

With a spacer you add child elements with the following functions:
- AddFixed - This adds a child Control and reserves a fixed space for it
- AddMinSized - This adds a child Control and reserves a minimum space for it based on its content size.
- AddWeighted - This adds a child control and sets a weight for it.

Layout works by first reserving all the space needed for the fixed and minsized elements, and then dividing up the remaining space allocated to the spacer between the weighted elements based on their weights.

It is pretty easy to make a GUI out of nothing but vertical and horizontal spacers.

To fill a spot in a spacer with empty space, the Filler class can be used.

## Pitfalls
There are some pitfalls of imgui. Some have been fixed with the new version of Unity that KSP is now using.

One remaining one is that different sets of events are sent in Windows, as opposed to Linux (haven't tested on OSX).

So I have a special system for dealing with these events which I won't describe for now, but is the purpose of the `ConsumeAndMarkNextCharEvent` and `ConsumeMarkedCharEvent` calls in `Kerbalui.Util.GUILibUtil.cs`
