RedOnion.KSP/API/Globals.md, before:

## Globals

Global variables, objects and functions common to all scripting languages.


**Types:**
- `autorun`: [AutoRun](AutoRun.md) - An api for setting which scripts will be ran when an engine is reset.
- `ui`: [UI](../Namespaces/UI.md) - User Interface.
- `ksp`: [KSP](../Namespaces/KSP.md) - \[`Unsafe`\] Shortcuts to KSP API + some tools.
- `unity`: [Unity](../Namespaces/Unity.md) - \[`Unsafe`\] Shortcuts to Unity API.
- `stage`: [Stage](Stage.md) - Staging logic.
- `time`: [Time](Time.md) - Current time and related functions.
- `PID`: [PID](PID.md) - PID regulator (alias to `system.pid` in ROS).
- `app`: [App](App.md) - Safe API for KSP Application Launcher (toolbar/buttons). WIP

**Static Fields:**
- `native`: NamespaceInstance - \[`Unsafe`\] Namespace Mappings (import of native types by namespace). More info [here](../ReflectionUtil/NamespaceInstance.md)
- `assembly`: GetMappings - \[`Unsafe`\] Assembly Mappings (import of native types by assembly). More info [here](../ReflectionUtil/GetMappings.md)

**Static Properties:**
- `vector()`: [Vector](Vector.md) - Function for creating 3D vector / coordinate.
- `ship`: [Ship](Ship.md) - Active vessel (in flight only, null otherwise).
- `autopilot`: [Autopilot](Autopilot.md) - Autopilot for active vessel. (`null` if no ship)
- `player`: Player - User/player controls.
- `user`: Player - User/player controls.
- `bodies`: [Bodies](Bodies.md) - A collection of space/celestial bodies. (Safe API)
- `altitude`: double - Alias to `ship.altitude`. (`NaN` if no ship.)
- `apoapsis`: double - Alias to `ship.apoapsis`. (`NaN` if no ship.)
- `periapsis`: double - Alias to `ship.periapsis`. (`NaN` if no ship.)
- `body`: [SpaceBody](SpaceBody.md) - Orbited body (redirects to `ship.body`, `null` if no ship).
- `atmosphere`: [SpaceBody.Atmosphere](SpaceBody.Atmosphere.md) - Atmosphere parameters of orbited body (redirects to `ship.body.atmosphere`, `atmosphere.none` if no ship).

Commit message:

0.4.8 (#49)
### ROS Changes:
- ROS: fixed problem with variables with same name
- launch.ros: pitch-down logic for tilted/off-center engines (Dynawing)
- target and ship.target - works for bodies, ships and parts (docks)
- control.ros: targeting, rendezvous and docking assist

### LiveRepl Changes:
- Kerbalui to use GetControlID to get a unique controlid for each window. Could have interferred with other mods.
- Fixed issue where LiveRepl was making modifications to the fontsize of the default GUI.Label style instead of making those changes to a copy of that style.
- Hitting run will only save the file if it has been modified in the editor. Otherwise it loads the file from disk into the editor. This will allow you to more conveniently use an outside editor.
- Scene changes, including revert, now terminate any windows or vecdraws.

RedOnion.KSP/API/Globals.md, after:

## Globals

Global variables, objects and functions common to all scripting languages.


**Types:**
- `autorun`: [AutoRun](AutoRun.md) - An api for setting which scripts will be ran when an engine is reset.
- `ui`: [UI](../Namespaces/UI.md) - User Interface.
- `ksp`: [KSP](../Namespaces/KSP.md) - \[`Unsafe`\] Shortcuts to KSP API + some tools.
- `unity`: [Unity](../Namespaces/Unity.md) - \[`Unsafe`\] Shortcuts to Unity API.
- `types`: [Types](../Namespaces/Types.md) - Types to be used with ROS: `is` operator; Lua: `isa` function.
- `stage`: [Stage](Stage.md) - Staging logic.
- `time`: [Time](Time.md) - Current time and related functions.
- `PID`: [PID](PID.md) - PID regulator (alias to `system.pid` in ROS).
- `app`: [App](App.md) - \[`WIP`\] Safe API for KSP Application Launcher (toolbar/buttons). WIP

**Static Fields:**
- `native`: NamespaceInstance - \[`Unsafe`\] Namespace Mappings (import of native types by namespace). More info [here](../ReflectionUtil/NamespaceInstance.md)
- `assembly`: GetMappings - \[`Unsafe`\] Assembly Mappings (import of native types by assembly). More info [here](../ReflectionUtil/GetMappings.md)

**Static Properties:**
- `vector()`: [Vector](Vector.md) - Function for creating 3D vector / coordinate.
- `ship`: [Ship](Ship.md) - Active vessel (in flight only, null otherwise).
- `autopilot`: [Autopilot](Autopilot.md) - Autopilot for active vessel. (`null` if no ship)
- `player`: Player - User/player controls.
- `user`: Player - User/player controls.
- `bodies`: [Bodies](Bodies.md) - A collection of space/celestial bodies. (Safe API)
- `target`: Object - \[`WIP`\] Target of active ship. Null if none.
- `altitude`: double - Alias to `ship.altitude`. (`NaN` if no ship.)
- `apoapsis`: double - Alias to `ship.apoapsis`. (`NaN` if no ship.)
- `periapsis`: double - Alias to `ship.periapsis`. (`NaN` if no ship.)
- `body`: [SpaceBody](SpaceBody.md) - Orbited body (redirects to `ship.body`, `null` if no ship).
- `atmosphere`: [SpaceBody.Atmosphere](SpaceBody.Atmosphere.md) - Atmosphere parameters of orbited body (redirects to `ship.body.atmosphere`, `atmosphere.none` if no ship).
