RedOnion.KSP/API/Stage.md, before:

## Stage

Used to activate next stage and/or get various information about stage(s). Returns true on success, if used as function. False if stage was not ready.


**Static Properties:**
- `number`: int - Stage number.
- `ready`: bool - Whether ready for activating next stage or not.
- `pending`: bool - True when current stage number is the same as number of stages (LED is flashing).
- `parts`: [PartSet](../Parts/PartSet.1.md)\[[Part](../Parts/PartBase.md)\] - Parts that will be separated by next decoupler
- `engines`: [EngineSet](../Parts/EngineSet.md) - Active engines (regardless of decouplers). `Engines.Resources` reflect total amounts of fuels inside boosters with fuel that cannot flow (like solid fuel).
- `xparts`: [PartSet](../Parts/PartSet.1.md)\[[Part](../Parts/PartBase.md)\] - Active engines and all accessible tanks upto next decoupler. `xparts.resources` reflect total amounts of fuels accessible to active engines, but only in parts that will be separated by next decoupler. This includes liquid fuel and oxidizer and can be used for automated staging, Especially so called Asparagus and any design throwing off tanks (with or without engines).
- `solidfuel`: double - Amount of solid fuel available in active engines. Shortcut to `engines.resources.getAmountOf("SolidFuel")`.
- `liquidfuel`: double - Amount of liquid fuel available in tanks of current stage to active engines. Shortcut to `xparts.resources.getAmountOf("LiquidFuel")`.
- `fuel`: double - Total amount of fuel avialable for active engines in current stage.

**Static Methods:**
- `activate()`: bool - Activate next stage (can call the stage object as a function as well (stage() instead of stage.activate())
- `burntime()`: [TimeDelta](TimeDelta.md), deltaV double
  - Estimate burn time for given delta-v.

Commit message:

propellants and stage.fuel reworked

RedOnion.KSP/API/Stage.md, after:

## Stage

Used to activate next stage and/or get various information about stage(s). Returns true on success, if used as function. False if stage was not ready.


**Static Properties:**
- `number`: int - Stage number.
- `ready`: bool - Whether ready for activating next stage or not.
- `pending`: bool - True when current stage number is the same as number of stages (LED is flashing).
- `parts`: [PartSet](../Parts/PartSet.1.md)\[[Part](../Parts/PartBase.md)\] - Parts that will be separated by next decoupler
- `engines`: [EngineSet](../Parts/EngineSet.md) - Active engines (regardless of decouplers). `Engines.Resources` reflect total amounts of fuels inside boosters with fuel that cannot flow (like solid fuel).
- `xparts`: [PartSet](../Parts/PartSet.1.md)\[[Part](../Parts/PartBase.md)\] - Active engines and all accessible tanks upto next decoupler. `xparts.resources` reflect total amounts of fuels accessible to active engines, but only in parts that will be separated by next decoupler. This includes liquid fuel and oxidizer and can be used for automated staging, Especially so called Asparagus and any design throwing off tanks (with or without engines).
- `solidfuel`: double - \[`WIP`\] Amount of solid fuel available in active engines. Shortcut to `engines.resources.getAmountOf(engines.propellants.namesOfSolid)`.
- `liquidfuel`: double - \[`WIP`\] Amount of liquid fuel available in tanks of current stage to active engines. Shortcut to `xparts.resources.getAmountOf(engines.propellants.namesOfLiquid)`.
- `fuel`: double - \[`WIP`\] Total amount of fuel avialable for active engines in current stage. `solidfuel + liquidfuel` - designed for staging logic.

**Static Methods:**
- `activate()`: bool - Activate next stage (can call the stage object as a function as well (stage() instead of stage.activate())
- `burntime()`: [TimeDelta](TimeDelta.md), deltaV double
  - \[`WIP`\] Estimate burn time for given delta-v.
