RedOnion.KSP/Parts/PartBase.md, before:

## Part

**Derived:** [Decoupler](Decoupler.md), [Engine](Engine.md), [Sensor](Sensor.md)

Part of the ship (vehicle/vessel).


**Instance Properties:**
- `native`: Part - \[`Unsafe`\] Native `Part` - KSP API.
- `ship`: [Ship](../API/Ship.md) - Ship (vehicle/vessel) this part belongs to.
- `parent`: Part - Parent part (this part is attached to).
- `children`: [PartChildren](PartChildren.md) - Parts attached to this part.
- `decoupler`: [Decoupler](Decoupler.md) - Decoupler that will decouple this part when staged.
- `stage`: int - Stage number as provided by KSP API. (`Native.inverseStage`)
- `decoupledin`: int - Stage number where this part will be decoupled or -1. (`Decoupler?.Stage ?? -1`)
- `resources`: [ResourceList](ResourceList.md) - Resources contained within this part.
- `state`: PartStates - State of the part (IDLE, ACTIVE (e.g. engine), DEACTIVATED, DEAD, FAILED).
- `name`: string - Name of the part (assigned by KSP).
- `title`: string - Title of the part (assigned by KSP).

**Instance Methods:**
- `istype()`: bool, name string
  - Method to test the type of the part (e.g. `.IsType("LaunchClamp")`)
- `explode()`: void - Explode the part.

Commit message:

0.4.8 (#49)
### ROS Changes:
- ROS: fixed problem with variables with same name
- launch.ros: pitch-down logic for tilted/off-center engines (Dynawing)
- target and ship.target - works for bodies, ships and parts (docks)
- control.ros: targeting, rendezvous and docking assist

### LiveRepl Changes:
- Kerbalui to use GetControlID to get a unique controlid for each window. Could have interferred with other mods.
- Fixed issue where LiveRepl was making modifications to the fontsize of the default GUI.Label style instead of making those changes to a copy of that style.
- Hitting run will only save the file if it has been modified in the editor. Otherwise it loads the file from disk into the editor. This will allow you to more conveniently use an outside editor.
- Scene changes, including revert, now terminate any windows or vecdraws.

RedOnion.KSP/Parts/PartBase.md, after:

## Part

**Derived:** [Decoupler](Decoupler.md), [Engine](Engine.md), [Sensor](Sensor.md)

Part of the ship (vehicle/vessel).


**Instance Properties:**
- `native`: Part - \[`Unsafe`\] Native `Part` - KSP API.
- `ship`: [Ship](../API/Ship.md) - Ship (vehicle/vessel) this part belongs to.
- `parent`: Part - Parent part (this part is attached to).
- `children`: [PartChildren](PartChildren.md) - Parts attached to this part.
- `decoupler`: [Decoupler](Decoupler.md) - Decoupler that will decouple this part when staged.
- `stage`: int - Stage number as provided by KSP API. (`Native.inverseStage`)
- `decoupledin`: int - Stage number where this part will be decoupled or -1. (`Decoupler?.Stage ?? -1`)
- `resources`: [ResourceList](ResourceList.md) - Resources contained within this part.
- `state`: PartStates - State of the part (IDLE, ACTIVE (e.g. engine), DEACTIVATED, DEAD, FAILED).
- `name`: string - Name of the part (assigned by KSP).
- `title`: string - Title of the part (assigned by KSP).
- `position`: [Vector](../API/Vector.md) - \[`WIP`\] Position of the part.

**Instance Methods:**
- `istype()`: bool, name string
  - Method to test the type of the part (e.g. `.istype("LaunchClamp")`). Note that ROS has `is` operator and Lua has `isa` function that can be used togehter with `types.engine` etc.
- `explode()`: void - Explode the part.
